Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
(GIGGLES)
(LOW. SOMBRE CHORDS)
Subtitles by explosiveskull
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
(SIREN WAILS)
(THUNDER CRACKS)
(CAR HORNS HONK)
(SIREN WAILS)
(CAR HORN HONKS)
(THUNDER CRACKS)
(PHONE RINGS)
(MAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(MAN ON PHONE SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(CAR HORN TOOTS)
(SIREN WAILS)
(CAR HORNS HONK)
(BOXES THUD)
(PEOPLE SCREAM)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(CAR HORN BLARES)
(THRILLING MUSIC)
(BUMPER SCRAPES. TYRES SCREECH)
(PHONE RINGS)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(WOMAN ON PHONE SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(CAN HISSES)
(ETHEREAL CHORAL MUSIC)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(PHONE RINGS)
Sir.
MAN: (ON PHONE) Uniform number?
Uniform Number
Victor Seven Three.
MAN: (ON PHONE) Agent Lin.
you and your men
are the best guys I have
to transfer Dr James
to a secure military base.
A breach of
the witness protection plan
may threaten regional security.
(DEFIBRILLATOR ZAP ECHOES)
Yes. sir.
(DEFIBRILLATOR CHARGES UP)
(DEFIBRILLATOR ZAP ECHOES)
(HEART MONITOR BEEPS)
(PLAINTIVE MUSIC)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
(GROANS AND COUGHS)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS)
(METAL CLASHES AND CLICKS)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(WOMAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(WEAPON CLICKS)
(MAN SPEAKS OVER RADIO)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(RATS SQUEAK)
(MAN SPEAKS OVER RADIO)
(THUNDER CRASHES)
(GASPS)
Trust me.
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(OFFICERS GRUNT)
(METAL CREAKS)
(HIGH-PITCHED RINGING)
(SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(OFFICERS GRUNT)
(RAPID MACHINE GUN FIRE)
(LIN SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(BULLET CASINGS JANGLE)
(SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(GROANS)
De...
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
Devil!
(WEAPON BLASTS)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(GROANS)
(GASPS AND GRUNTS)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(RAPID MACHINE GUN FIRE)
(GRUNTS)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
Get down!
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(ALL GRUNT)
(EXPLOSION BLASTS)
(RAPID MACHINE GUN FIRE)
(GRUNTS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(BULLETS WHISTLE)
(GRUNTS)
Let's go.
(ALL GRUNT)
(NET ZAPS)
(GRUNTS)
(RAPID MACHINE GUN FIRE)
(GROANS)
(ALL GROAN)
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(GUNFIRE)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(GASPS)
(DRAMATIC. SOMBRE MUSIC)
(MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY
ON RADIO IN MANDARIN)
(GRUNTS)
Give it to me.
No. no. no. no.
You're the devil.
You would have never succeeded
without me!
Where are the lab records?
They're mine!
(ENGINE REVS)
(YELLS)
(ROARS)
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(SINISTER MUSIC)
(TYRES SKID)
(GRUNTS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(GROANS)
(GUNSHOTS BLAST)
Goodbye.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(GIRL SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(PHONE CONTINUES VIBRATING)
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
(GIRL GIGGLES)
(PHONE CONTINUES VIBRATING)
(HEART MONITOR
EMITS CONTINUOUS BEEP)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
Hello?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS)
(AIR BUBBLES POP)
(ELECTRICITY ZAPS)
WOMAN: (ON TV)
Although Rick Rogers' latest novel
has not yet been published.
the copyrights for the movie
are already being sought after
by Hollywood.
Bids for such rights have been
coming in at shocking sums.
I've had a sneak peek
at this book.
"She is a mission herself.
"Her blood contains
all the memories.
"One day. she will find
her memories back again." Wow!
(PROGRAM THEME MUSIC PLAYS)
Well. we are very privileged
to welcome to the show
to talk about his new book.
'Bleeding Steel'.
Rick Rogers!
Oh. Rick! Oh!
How are you?
Oh. I'm very well. Mwah!
Welcome to the show. Thank you.
Have a seat.
So we heard the main character
was a US Marine
before he died of
nuclear radiation.
but then some geneticists
bought his body
and turned him into a bioroid
with a mechanical heart.
RICK: Well. can't keep a
secret from you. can I?
(WOMAN AND RICK LAUGH)
WOMAN: Oh. there are no
secrets in this world.
(WOMAN AND RICK LAUGH)
RICK: Well. maybe that's so.
But many unknown secrets
are hidden in my novel.
so go buy the book.
It's the perfect synergy
of body and machine.
(ENIGMATIC ELECTRONIC MUSIC)
(SIREN WAILS)
(MEN SPEAK INDISTINCTLY)
Ooh. check it out.
Stop. Security check.
Turn around.
MAN: (OVER RADIO) Is my kitty here yet?
She's on her way. boss.
Next time. it's my turn.
Sure.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(CAR HORN BLARES)
(JAZZY ROCK MUSIC)
Come here. kitty.
Come to Papa.
(DECANTER CLINKS)
(GULPS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(ENGINE REVS)
Excuse me. where are you going?
(BLADE RINGS)
(KICK THUDS)
(GUNSHOTS BLAST)
(WEAPON DISCHARGES)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC)
(SCREAMS)
Who are you?
Shut up!
Where did you get
the information in your book?
Where did you
get the information?
It was my inspiration.
Who are you? What do you want?
(GASPS)
This is your last chance.
(CHOKES)
(WEAPON DISCHARGES)
(BUBBLES POP)
(GRUNTS)
(WEAPON DISCHARGES)
(BREASTS SQUEAK)
Huh?
Fuck you!
(THRILLING MUSIC)
(GRUNTS)
(SOBS)
(GASPS) Who are you?
How did you get the story
in 'Bleeding Steel'?
P-P-Please don't kill me.
I bought it.
Where's the original copy?
Everything you need is in there.
I just stole a story.
(GRUNTS)
You shit.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(GASPS AND GRUNTS)
(CHANDELIER SHATTERS)
(PANTS)
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
Surveillance videos have been uploaded.
A team of policemen
are on their way to you.
(THUD)
(CAR ALARM BLARES)
WOMAN: Who's that?
Is that Batman?
(COUGHS AND GASPS)
(SIREN WAILS)
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
REPORTER: Popular novelist
Rick Rogers has been murdered
in what police describe as
a robbery gone wrong.
POLICE OFFICER: We believe the
perpetrators of this crime
disabled the CCTV cameras
in this building.
However. we have obtained
additional footage
from CCTV cameras
in the building on the corner.
We urge members of public
who recognise this man
to step forward.
We have reason to believe
he may been involved
in the events
that took place tonight.
(SONG) ♪ Yeah And you don't stop ♪
♪ Yeah And you don't stop ♪
♪ And you don't stop
And you don't stop ♪
♪ Yeah You don't stop ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You don't stop. ♪
WOMAN: We were attacked by a
masked man at Rick's apartment.
I'm sorry.
He knew a great deal about
our bulletproof vests.
Where did you get
the information in your book?
How did you get the story
in 'Bleeding Steel'?
RICK: P-P-Please don't kill me.
I bought it.
Where's the original copy?
13 years you've had me trapped
in this sterile cage
like an animal.
You're gonna suffer everything
I've suffered.
Sir. we found out about
the transvestite.
He bought that costume online.
We have a shipping address.
Go. Do not fail me again.
Yes. sir.
(JAZZY HIP-HOP MUSIC)
(SONG) ♪ And you don't stop ♪
♪ And you don't stop... ♪
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
One pizza for Leeson.
Thank you.
When I find you.
I'm gonna kill you.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(CONTEMPLATIVE MUSIC)
Hi.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
Spaghetti?
Yes. please.
Red sauce?
Yeah.
And beef soup. right?
Thank you. sir.
Beef soup for
the beautiful young lady.
It's so sparkly! So shiny.
I know!
Sorry.
Bitch.
You guys had a conflict. though.
Excuse me?
What did you say? Sorry.
I can't really understand you.
I don't speak Chinglish.
That's a good one.
(GUM SPLASHES)
Oops!
Have you had a nose job?
What?
(BLOW SMACKS)
(VIBRANT SWING JAZZ MUSIC)
(CROWD CHEERS)
(CROWD CHANTS)
(GROANS)
Argh!
I'm sorry.
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
MAN: Back it off. girl.
Hey. Go back. Get back.
Get back. Nothing to see.
Everybody get back. All of you.
All of you. guys.
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(YELLS)
WOMAN: Nancy! Nancy!
(GASPS)
Are you okay?
Did you have another nightmare?
Drink something.
Thank you. (PANTS)
Did I wake you again?
I'm sorry.
Ever since I changed doctors.
the nightmares have got worse.
Because that's not doctor.
She's a witch.
She's not a 'witch' witch.
She's more like a guide
or a spiritualist or something.
Okay. whatever she is.
the dreams are getting worse
and clearer.
You have them every night.
I can't take it anymore.
I've lost my weight
and I can't sleeping.
Please. Nancy.
stop going to the witch.
or get her fix it.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC)
(CAR HORN HONKS)
(GROWLS AND BARKS)
Yeah. Oh. that's in.
Good shot. bro.
Ooh. konnichiwa.
Hey. look over!
What's your name?
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
Come on. baby.
I've been waiting for you
for ages.
Ooh!
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS)
KIDS: Yeah! Whoo!
(DISTANT SCREAMING)
(DOOR RATTLES AND SQUEAKS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC CONTINUES)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(FLOWING FLUTE MUSIC)
(RINGS BELL AND CHANTS)
How have you been?
The nightmares are more frequent
and more vivid.
I feel like I've become
someone else in my dreams.
(TYPES RAPIDLY)
It takes time to heal.
This is stress. my dear.
Figments of your imagination.
nothing more.
But every bit of it
feels so real.
like I've been there
and I know all those people.
As if... they are leading me.
pushing me to find something.
WITCH: Don't think too much.
Relax.
(DISTORTED JANGLING
AND CHIMING)
WITCH: One.
(DISTORTED CHIMING)
(ECHOES SLIGHTLY) Two.
(ECHOES AND DISTORTS) Three.
(DISTORTED CHIMING
AND THROBBING)
(WHOOSHING AND JUDDERING)
(SCREECHES)
(SQUEAKS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS)
(SQUEALS)
(EERIE BUBBLING)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
MAN: Doctor. the subject is rejecting
multiple organs -
they're failing.
We're gonna have to
give up on this one.
(GROWLS)
(GASPS AND PANTS)
Nancy? No.
WITCH: Nancy?
Help me. Please don't kill me.
(DARK MUSIC)
Nancy? No.
Don't kill me.
(DARK MUSIC BUILDS)
NANCY: If you kill me.
nothing can save you.
(DARK MUSIC BUILDS)
(MUSIC FADES)
What the fuck?
I-I've never seen
anything like this before.
There's someone else's soul
inside you.
This is way beyond me now.
There's a man.
He is a master of hypnosis.
He may help.
He'll be there tomorrow.
Let's see if you can see him.
(DOOR SQUEAKS)
Why did you let her go?!
She didn't tell us anything
about her dream!
The needle broke in half.
Rick's dead.
I have a feeling
the tapes we were selling him
got him into trouble.
(YOUNG MEN BANTER INDISTINCTLY)
MAN: For real!
Oh. boys. Ho!
See what we have here.
I see you come here a lot.
looking at that lame witch.
What's your name. huh?
(MEN JEER)
You can't tell me but you wanna.
Really?
Now. that's my boy.
Aren't you. there?
Let me pass.
Oh!
So now you speak English?
How about this?
Pass under here.
I know you like that. huh?
(YELLING)
(ENERGETIC ROCK MUSIC)
Get that bitch.
(WAILS)
(GANG WHOOPS)
(SONG) ♪ Bring it on. bring it on ♪
♪ If you've got what it takes
to survive. son. bring it on ♪
♪ Do your best with your
life Keep hitting rhymes ♪
♪ And then we gonna
get what we want... ♪
Whoo! Come on. boys.
We've got some fresh meat.
Where you going?
Don't be scared.
(GANG JEERS)
(LAUGHTER AND JEERING)
Back off. Back off!
Don't get close.
Oooh.
(GASPS)
Oops.
Feisty one.
You can't get away now.
(TENSE MUSIC)
(MAN GRUNTS)
(MAN BREATHES HEAVILY)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
Don't!
(OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS)
(LIVELY ROCK MUSIC)
Get him!
(LAUGHS) Ooh!
Ahhh!
W-wait. Wait. wait. Okay.
(GRUNTS MENACINGLY)
Huh! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Hah! Hah!
Dok! Dok! Dook! Doo! Oh.
(QUIRKY MUSIC)
Wah!
Ah! Ahh-aah! Ow!
Ow! Ugh! Ow!
Ya!
(LIVELY ROCK MUSIC)
Who you think you are?
Jackie Chan?
(SCREAMING)
Hey!
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
Ahh!
(GROANS)
(LAUGHTER)
Come on!
(MEN GROAN)
Get after them!
I think I'm blind.
Don't let that bitch slip away!
Stop running!
(SONG) ♪ And then we
gonna do what we want ♪
♪ Bring it on. bring it on ♪
♪ If you've got what it takes
to survive. son. bring it on ♪
♪ Do your best with your
life Keep hitting rhymes ♪
♪ And then we gonna
get what we want ♪
♪ Bring it on. bring it on ♪
♪ If you've got what it takes
to survive. son. bring it on ♪
♪ Do your best with your
life Keep hitting rhymes ♪
♪ And then we gonna
get what we want... ♪
I'll get you!
You broke my balls!
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(MEN YELL)
This way. boys! Let's get 'em!
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
Thank you.
You're welcome. (CHUCKLES)
(UNEASY MUSIC BUILDS)
(MAJESTIC MUSIC)
GUARD: Hey.
Excuse me. I'm looking
for a performer here.
A performer?
They're in rehearsal right now.
The performance
is in the evenings.
I need to see him right now.
It's urgent.
I'm sorry. I can't let you in
without a permit.
Okay. thank you.
Okay? Okay.
(SUBDUED MUSIC)
So. yeah. two for one.
LEESON: Hi.
Hey. guys.
Uh. she's my girlfriend.
Can she come in?
Yeah. she'll be right.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hey-hey. baby!
(WHISPERS) okay.
(CHUCKLES)
My girlfriend.
My girlfriend!
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(ORCHESTRA WARMS UP)
LEESON: Hi. Hey.
(MUSICIANS WARM UP)
NANCY: Mohammed Salaami.
Oh.
Sorry.
Mohammed Salaami?
Sal-ah-meh. Yeah. I'm Salaami.
Salaami. Salaami.
Salaami!
Good! I'm glad I found you.
W-wh-wh...
I need you to come with me.
Where are we going?
I need you to fix some lights.
Okay. okay. okay.
WOMAN: Okay. everybody.
let's start rehearsal.
(APPLAUSE)
Lights. music. get ready.
(GENTLE STRING MUSIC)
WOMAN: (ON RADIO) Okay. ready?
Action.
Ladies and gentlemen.
please welcome Mr. Cosentino.
COSENTINO: Ladies and
gentlemen. what you're about
to see here tonight
is truly extraordinary.
My angel has arrived.
Come to me.
(WHOOSHING)
(GENTLE STRING MUSIC)
Sit down.
(INTRIGUING MUSIC)
(FLAME ROARS)
You were a fallen angel.
(ECHOES FAINTLY) But God has
given you a second life.
(ECHOES INCREASE)
I know all your pain.
I'll guide you
through the darkness
to the light.
and find the soul
that belongs to you.
Love is all around you.
(INTRIGUING MUSIC BUILDS)
(DARK MUSIC)
No! No!
(ZAP!)
Everybody get out!
(SCREAMING)
(DARK MUSIC BUILDS)
(YELLING AND SCREAMING)
Stop!
Don't kill the innocent people.
Hey! I got this!
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES. THEN FADES)
COSENTINO: You are late.
(KNIFE RINGS)
(COSENTINO GRUNTS)
My work here is done.
(KNIFE HISSES)
(GRUNTS)
Put your weapons down!
Get on the ground!
(GUNFIRE)
(EXCITING MUSIC)
(GASPS)
(YELLS)
Get him.
Kill him.
Pick me up at the entrance.
You know. you're really starting
to piss me off.
Give me back my daughter.
You want her?
She's all yours. Daddy.
(BLADES CLANK)
(BLADES WHIRR)
(YELLS)
(BLADES CHIME)
(LIFT BELL RINGS)
(GOOFY MUSIC)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
(BLADES CLANK)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
(METAL SNAPS)
(CABLE CREAKS)
(YELLS)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
(GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
(BLADES WHOOSH. THEN TING)
Ohhh! Oh!
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
(YELLS)
(QUIRKY MUSIC)
Sorry. (SLURPS)
(SIGHS)
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
Yaaah!
Yaaaah!
(HANDCUFFS CLINK)
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(STEADY BEEPING)
(BEEPING STOPS)
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN
OVER PHONE)
(LIN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(DOOR CREAKS)
(DISQUIETING MUSIC)
(GUN CLICKS)
(BELL TOLLS DISTANTLY)
Hello?
H...
(SIGHS)
(WATCH CHIMES)
(WATCH BEEPS STEADILY)
(ENGINE ROARS. TYRES SCREECH)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(DOOR SQUEAKS)
(LEESON SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(WHISTLES THEN SOBS)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(PENSIVE MUSIC)
DR. JAMES: She must be protected.
(MACHINE BEEPS STEADILY)
All my work is in her body.
Someday she'll be the proof
to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
(MACHINE BEEPS STEADILY)
(MACHINE EMITS CONTINUOUS BEEP)
(LIN AND SUSAN SPEAK MANDARIN)
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
Oh. (CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS)
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(CAR ALARMS BLARE)
(SCREAMS)
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(SIGHS)
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(CAR ENGINE PURRS)
(UPBEAT PIANO MUSIC)
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(WATCH BEEPS)
(ENGINE ROARS)
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(UNEASY MUSIC)
(DOOR SQUEAKS)
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
(EERIE WHOOSHING)
(TROUBLING MUSIC)
Trust me.
Hello.
All my work is in her body.
Every detail is recorded
in her blood.
She must be protected.
Someday she'll be the proof
to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(WISTFUL MUSIC)
(SOBS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACH)
(GRIM MUSIC)
(ENGINE GROWLS)
(WATCH BEEPS)
(TYRES SCREECH)
Ugh!
I don't have time for this.
(GRUNTS)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(METAL SCRAPES)
(SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(GASPS)
(BRAKES SCREECH)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(PANTS)
(PHONE BEEPS)
(LEESON SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN
ON PHONE)
(ENGINE FALSE STARTS)
(SNIGGERS AND MUTTERS)
WOMAN: Good afternoon.
May I help you?
MAN: Please wait a minute.
Thank you. This way. please.
(ZAPPING)
(VEHICLE HORNS HONK)
(DOOR CLANGS)
No. no. no. no!
Bastard! (GRUNTS)
(WEAPONS CLICK)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(PEOPLE SCREAM)
(DOOR LOCK BEEPS)
(GAS HISSES)
(ALARM BEEPS)
(VIDEO CAMERA BEEPS)
DR. JAMES: (IN VIDEO)
Such superior regeneration ability
is attributed to the activation
of the regenerative genes
from the starfish.
Each recombined cell contains
the entire genome
and fuses to other tissues
to rapidly regrow
the missing part.
The experimental subject
is a special force
exposed to heavy
nuclear radiation.
He'll become the first
biowarrior in the world
if the experiment succeeds.
(SAW WHIRRS)
(SCREAMS AND GRUNTS)
(PANTS)
(GROANS AND PANTS)
(STOPS GROANING)
DR. JAMES: We have developed
the first-generation
mechanical heart to match
the rapid regeneration feature
of the bioengineered blood.
If the experiment succeeds.
the bioroid.
with the mechanical heart
and the bioengineered blood.
will be the immortal warrior
of the future.
Yes. madam.
Hey. boss. they're back.
(SCREEN BEEPS)
(MACHINERY WHIRRS)
MAN: You and I are actually the same.
We're lab rats
in his little experiments.
Ah. the only difference is
you didn't get to experience
the pain that I've suffered.
That sly fox.
Hiding his life's work
inside of you.
And all these years
just to find you.
I feel like you've turned me
into a monster.
(LAUGHS)
(ENGINES RUMBLE)
(EQUIPMENT HISSES)
(PANTS)
COMPUTER VOICE: Diverter initiated.
Purification in process.
(FLUIDS SQUELCH)
(EQUIPMENT WHIRRS)
Who are you? Oh...
(GROANS)
We have the same
mechanical heart.
But I'm getting eaten alive
by my own cells.
Thanks to Dr James's blood.
not only will I get
my powers back
but your blood will give me
the ability to regenerate.
The world's first
super biowarrior.
My blood contains two sets
of memories for 13 years.
Those painful memories
constantly tortured me
day by day.
You will have three memories
once I pass them on to you.
And believe me.
you will go insane.
(HALF-LAUGHS) No.
You see this diverter here?
It'll remove all the impurities
in your blood.
Never again will I experience
any more pain.
(WEAPON RINGS)
Where's the Asian girl?
In... inside the lab.
Open the door.
(EQUIPMENT BEEPS AND CHIMES)
What are you guys doing?
Nancy.
Where do you think you're going?
Arrgh!
Shaun! Sound the alarm!
(OTHERS SHOUT)
Get outta here! Go. go. go. go!
Nancy! Nancy!
Nan... Oh!
Nancy.
Nancy!
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(INAUDIBLE)
(GRUNTS)
Arrgh! (GROANS)
Open it!
Only the boss can do that.
(SUSAN GRUNTS)
(DOOR WHIZZES)
(GRUNTS)
(BEEP)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(GRUNTS)
Ugh!
Arrgh!
(GROANS)
I'm gonna enjoy killing you.
Ugh!
(GROANS)
(SHOUTS AND GRUNTS)
Ahh! Huh?
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(SUSAN GRUNTS)
(LEESON SHOUTS)
(GRUNTS)
Yah! Huh? (MUTTERS)
(SHOUTS AND GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS) Arrgh!
(GRUNTS REPEATEDLY)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
COMPUTER VOICE:
Blood transfusion interrupted.
Reverting.
(SNIFFS AND GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(EQUIPMENT POWERS UP)
(POWER ZAPS)
(GRUNTS)
(ZAP!)
Goodbye.
Ugh!
(SHOUTS)
(GROWLS)
(GRUNTS)
(SHOUTS)
Oww!
(LEESON SHOUTS)
Ohh! (GROANS)
Arrgh!
(GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
Ahh!
(LEESON SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(SHOUTS AND GRUNTS)
(ALL GRUNT)
(RUMBLING)
COMPUTER VOICE:
Warning. System malfunctioning.
(NANCY SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
All personnel evacuate.
(GRUNTS)
Warning. System malfunctioning.
All personnel evacuate.
(RUMBLING)
(ALL GRUNT AND GROAN)
(ALL SPEAK MANDARIN)
All personnel evacuate.
Ahh!
(OTHERS GRUNT)
(SUSAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
Leeson!
(LIN SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
(ALL SPEAK MANDARIN)
(SCREAMS)
Ugh!
(NANCY SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS AND SCREAMS)
DR. JAMES: I don't have much time left.
The bioengineered blood
of my biggest success
was all given to Xixi.
It has superior regeneration
capability.
Take good care of her.
(GRUNTS)
(SHOUTS)
(BOTH GROAN)
(GRUNTS)
(SHOUTS)
(SCREAMS)
Ugh! (PANTS)
(SOMBRE MUSIC)
(GASPS)
(PHONE RINGS)
(MAN ON PHONE SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
Huh?
(LAUGHS)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(LIN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
Hi!
(BOTH LAUGH)
(CHATTER. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
(GROUP SINGS) ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
(SINGS) ♪ Happy birthday to Nancy ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you. ♪
(ALL APPLAUD AND CHEER)
Happy birthday. Nancy.
Leeson!
(CIGAR SIZZLES)
(RUSSIAN ACCENT)
Price is no problem.
If you've got for me
what you said in email.
Hmm?
Come over to my office
in Moscow. We'll talk.
I can send plane
to come get you.
Hey. man. thanks for
openly discussing the price.
And I can see right through you.
Sorry. I have a dinner date
with Jackie Chan later. Over.
Fuck!
(ENGINE GROWLS)
(CHINESE ROCK SONG)
(LAUGHTER)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
MAN: Okay.
(SCREAMS)
(PEOPLE CHATTER IN MANDARIN)
Baba!
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(SUSAN LAUGHS)
(NANCY SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(LAUGHS)
(SINGS IN MANDARIN)
MAN: Cut. Cut.
(LAUGHTER)
(CHUCKLES AND SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(ALL SPEAK MANDARIN)
(LAUGHTER)
(LAUGHS)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(GRUNTS)
Arrgh!
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(CRIES)
(LAUGHTER)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(OTHERS LAUGH)
(ALL SPEAK MANDARIN)
MAN: Action!
Ahh!
Ugh!
(LAUGHTER)
(SINGS IN MANDARIN)
(LAUGHS)
(MAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(LAUGHTER)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(MAN SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(WOMAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
MAN: One. two. three! Action!
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(MAN SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(WOMAN SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(ALL SPEAK MANDARIN)
(MAN SHOUTS IN MANDARIN)
MAN: Three. two. one. Action!
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH SPEAK MANDARIN)
(MEN SPEAK MANDARIN)
Keep to your stall.
And then back up.
Alright. let's do it again.
Take three.
WOMAN: Roll.
(TYRES SCREECH)
(SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHTER)
(ALL CHEER)
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-